Add OpenVINO inference notebook and notebooks test (#230)
huggingface/optimum-intel: notebooks/openvino/README.md

> # 🤗 Optimum OpenVINO Notebooks

Author: I have seen users be confused about neural compressor in the README and I think it's nice to have a place to point people to with notebooks about OpenVINO. If we want to have one place with the links, I would prefer a separate README for OpenVINO and INC. 
But we can also discuss this later if you prefer, I can remove this README from the PR for now.

> # 🤗 Optimum OpenVINO Notebooks

Reviewer: I see your point, we can either split it into two tables in `notebooks/README.md` or have both tables separated in `notebooks/openvino/README.md`  and `notebooks/neural_compressor/README.md`, I'm up for both suggestions ! Open to do it this PR or in an upcoming one

> # 🤗 Optimum OpenVINO Notebooks

Reviewer: what option do you prefer @helena-intel ?

> # 🤗 Optimum OpenVINO Notebooks

Author: My preference is a separate OpenVINO and INC README. Happy to change it in this PR or a new one if you agree. Should I then remove the `notebooks/README.md` file or do you prefer a 'stub' README with links to the INC and OpenVINO READMEs?

This directory contains notebooks for the OpenVINO integration in 🤗 Optimum. To
install the requirements for running all notebooks, do `pip install -r
requirements.txt`. If you do not want to install the requirements to run all the
notebooks, you can also install the requirements for a specific notebook. They
are listed at the top of each notebook file.

The notebooks have been tested with Python 3.8 and 3.10 on Ubuntu Linux.

| Notebook     |      Description      |   |   |
|:----------|:-------------|:-------------|------:|

> | [How to do inference with the OpenVINO integration](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/optimum_openvino_inference.ipynb) | Explains how to do inference with OpenVINO and includes brief examples for all supported tasks| [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/optimum_openvino_inference.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/optimum_openvino_inference.ipynb)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [How to run inference with the OpenVINO](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/optimum_openvino_inference.ipynb) | Explains how to export your model to OpenVINO and how to easily run inference with OpenVINO Runtime| [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/optimum_openvino_inference.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/optimum_openvino_inference.ipynb)|
```
